waste
Are you fucking deaf?
But what grandma said was not clear enough
Get out of here with Lin Ziwei immediately
grandma
I'll ask you again.
Are you sure you want to let the taste leave you?
Get lost to me
Who is Lin Zhiwei
Shout him out.
Yes, call out Lin Zhiwei
Today, the female CEO of a group
Mr. Zhou of Fahaizhiyao
This is all about stomping your feet and making the world
Earthquake bigwigs
They are
Hey two bosses
Relatives come to the door
Why is it expensive?
Grandma
These two CEOs are big shots at first glance
It must be this Lin Zhiwei looking for trouble outside again
What the hell did you do?
Hurry up and kneel down and apologize to the two of you
Don't implicate the Li Group anymore
Brother, I don't have time, I'm still working hard
In my face
How dare you go to hell with him?
How dare you hit me?
grandma
This trash dares to hit me, you have to call the shots for me?
Goddamn thing
Don't take me seriously
You two are going to be hard on them both today to kill them
I will never interfere
Horse to kill
It seems you won't touch it.
Today we are Miss Zaolin
Let's talk about advertising cooperation